---
title: Coordination Meeting
date: "2017-12-04"
taxonomy:
    tag: [come]
---

- Date: 2017-12-04
- Facilitator: Doug
- Notary: Doug
- Present: Doug, Matthaia, Björn, Bodhi, Janina, Tilmann, Lou, Mona

### 1. People arriving and leaving
- Joachim arrives on the 4th, leaves on the 10th
- Lise arrives on the 10th or 11th
- Dougs parents arrive on the 5th, leave on the 7th
- Doug leaves on the 7th, returns before 13th, leaves on the 13th, returns on the 28th.
- Daniel leaves on friday, 8th

### 2. Position evaluation
- Daniel and Björn to stay on as Visitors or become Volunteers

### 3. Changes to Constitution

### 4. Changes to Collective Agreements

### 5. Information (e.g. announcements, events, etc)
- Waste collection: (see https://abfallkalender.kell-gmbh.de/abfallkalender3.php?jahr=2017&str_id=245): Friday: yellow sack
- Food pickups: (see https://karrot.world ): Landgut Nemt, Weds, 18:00
- Gas usage: 56m³ in the last 5.5 days (40 euros)
- Gas bottles exchanged: None
- Water usage: 4200l in the last 6 days (21 euros) -> 1000l in -0, 2000l in -1, 1200l in -2 (including -1# toilet)
- Power hour: Thursday, 10:00
- Sharing event: Sunday 3pm (talking/sharing round) <-- are we making this a regular thing?
- Mitnetz update?

### 6. Discussion (e.g. questions, proposals, etc)
- Find date for Mitgliederversammlung Haus Kante Wurzen w.V. (Matthias) Matthias will check the documents and announce, the 29th seems appropriate.
- Find date Mitgliederversammlung Wandel würzen e.V. (Matthias)
- Dumpster diving this week: who's gonna go and when?
- Car is still loaded with a lot of bricks. Needs unloading before being able to use again (matthias)
- Car is missing a pipe, needs fixing before the next longer trip. I don't know how bad this is. (matthias)
- Heating: Which rooms to heat to what temperature and when? (Matthias) Sounds like most people want sleeping rooms between 8 - 10 C and working rooms (e.g. computer) between 16 - 18 C.  Last person to turn down living room, office, dragon to "2" overnight. Try this for a week.
- Broken pipe circuit in kitchen: let's finish it. (Doug)
- We need to keep the pedestrian way free of snow/ice. Do we want a system for that? (Matthias) We have the responsibility to keep the pavement outside out buildings safe.
- Shower situation: can we have warm showers again soon? pleeease..? :3 (Janina)
- Free shop: let's have a fashion show soon to determine which clothes can go into the freeshop! also: what to do about the bigger pieces of furniture, which are still in the room, can we maybe put them into use somewhere already?  (Janina)
- Decide on a date for the cooking event (Lou) Suggestion for Sunday 17th starting at 13:00 with an open end
- Plan a meeting about the food event (dding, go to Leipzig to find people, free shop opening) Wednesday, 10:00
- Do we plan a food discussion? (dding, buying..) Yes, Tuesday, 10:00.

### 7. Next facilitator
- Janina
