---
title: Coordination Meeting
date: "2020-08-17"
taxonomy:
    tag: [come]
---

<!-- CoMe facilitation advice and requirements: https://gitlab.com/kanthaus/kanthaus-governance/-/blob/master/documents/coordinationMeeting/coMeFacilitationAdvice.md -->

- Date: 2020-08-17
- Facilitator: Lise
- Notary: Maxime
- Physical board caretaker: Nathalie
- Digital calendar caretaker: 
- Corona board updater: 
- Present: Lise, Nathalie, Maxime, Lara

----

<!-- 0. Minute of silence -->

### 1. Last week review

##### [Resources used](https://cloud.kanthaus.online/apps/files/?dir=/kanthaus-public/resourcesUsed&fileid=146410)

- **Present:** 7.3 people / day _-0.4_
- **Electricity:** 2.61 € / day; _-0.1 €_
- **Water:** 2.71 € / day; _+2.7 €_

**Total cost per person per day:** 72.98 ct _+38.38 ct_


##### Expenditure


##### Income
<!-- NOTE: 20€ is intentionally left in the donation 'shoe' -->


##### Team updates
- Roof (Silvan, Tilmann):
    
- Stuff (Bodhi, Matthias, Thore):

- Rooms (Nathalie, Janina):
There's an ukuvote to get opinions about personal rooms in KH,remember to vote!

##### Other things that happened
- there was a freshly founded feminist collective having a meeting here
- emPOWERment-weekend happend with learning that driving the KMW and refilling gas is not difficult at all
- Nathalie and Lise created their first playlist and had a party in the piano room afterwards. With light show and a decorative courtain!
- some people watched feminist porn and talked about it
- Kanthaus date: candle light dinner took place in the elephant room & watching "Dark" afterwards
- people did a lot of Yoga and have sore muscles now
 
### 2. This week planning

##### People arriving and leaving
- **Mon.:** Thore comes back
- **Tue.:** JaTiMi come back, Antonin arrives
- **Wed.:** 
- **Thu.:** Lara leaves
- **Fri.:** chandi comes back, FFF People arrive, Franzi will visit, Jule will come as well
- **Sat.:** Jule leaves
- **Sun.:** FFF people leave, Franzi as well
- **Some day:** Doug & Anja come back

##### [Weather forecast](https://www.accuweather.com/en/de/wurzen/04808/weather-forecast/171287)
 - Maxime says it will be warm today
 - 
##### Evaluations and check-ins
<!-- Avoid scheduling on Mondays to give people time to prepare-->
- Anja Volunteer : Absolute Days threshold 87/60
- Maxime Member : Absolute Days threshold 201/180

##### [Schedule](https://cloud.kanthaus.online/apps/calendar/)
- Monday
  - 15:00 - Knowledge Sharing: deep dive into inventaire.io, with a focus on how to contribute to open bibliographic data [Maxime, Unkraut, Lara]
  - after dinner - second episode of "Dark"
- Tuesday
  - 16:00 - Open Tuesday - Corona version [Lara, Lise]
  - after dinner - animation movie [Lara]
- Wednesday
    - 11:00 Maxime evaluation [Lise]
    - hair cutting session
- Thursday 
  - 10:00 Power Hour (Fac.: [Lara] Mus.: [Lise & Nathalie]) 
  - 15:00 Sharing Event 
  - 18:00 foodsharing Wurzen meeting
- Friday
- Saturday
- Sunday
- Next Monday
  - 10:00 CoMe [Nathalie]

_to be scheduled:_
(*when possible, avoid scheduling events at times that would conflict with being part of the cooking team: 17:00->19:00*)
<!-- Don't forget evaluations! -->

### 3. Shopping plans
- [lise] Oat flakes & grains (how much --> discussion)

### 4. Discussion & Announcements

- [lise] would be good to check the food (still something to wash in the dumpster kitchen, maybe freezing some veggies?)
- [nathalie] everything set for FFF people? Where do they sleep? When are they here? Do we have any corona measurements? Or where to find this information :)
    - 10 to 15 people
    - Corona measurements? Lise would appreciate if we can avoid too close contact
    - Quite some unclarity....would be nice if chandi gives more information (chandi will be back Friday morning)
- [lise] How much oat flakes and oat grains to we want to get from Biohof Voigt?
    - Lise: suggestion to buy 5kg of oat flakes and 10kg of oat grains, but maybe that's too much as the grain mill doesn't work so well. But the Machine will be fixed.
    - [intense discussion]
    - consensus: 10kg oat flakes / 5kg oat grains, to test
- [nathalie] Corona risk points
    - a lot of people forgot to put their points down, especially with fluctuation of people it gets more difficult ro remember but also to keep it updated
    - we'll continue & Nathalie will have an eye on it
- [lise] I had a nice chat with Arthur who is studying sociology in Vienna and is writing his master thesis. For his research he will likely visit open tuesday next month.

*This weeks CoMe closes with a round of feelings* 

### 5. [Task lottery](https://kanthaus.gitlab.io/dinner-lottery/)

#### Volunteers
- Mon.: Nathalie
- Tue.: Maxime
- Wed.: Lara?
- Thu.: 
- Fri.: 
- Open Tuesday: Lise, Lara

#### Unavailabilities
- Mon. not:
- Tue. not: 
- Wed. not:
- Thu. not:
- Fri. not:
- Open Tuesday not:
- Week not: 
 
### 6. For next week
