
---
title: Coordination Meeting
date: "2019-01-07"
taxonomy:
    tag: [come]
---

<!--
Hello facilitator/notary! Thank you for your services. Here is some advice for facilitating coordination meetings:
  - Prepare the meeting a bit beforehand (find out about evaluations, gas, electricity and water usages, waste collections, income, scheduled events). You can ask others to assist you.
  - Notify people 10 minutes before the meeting starts. (Watching the clock is not super fun, people will be grateful if you do it for them.)
  - Start at 10:00 sharp, or earlier if everyone is there. (Waiting is time-wasting, be a time-saver!)
  - If you don't want to take notes yourself ask someone else to take care of that. (This pad can easily be used to read from and write in simultaneously.)
  - Go through the ordered points in order, even if nothing has changed. (They are arranged to try and get the most relevant information to most people.)
  - Feel welcome to moderate conversation if off-topic or too detailed. (Are listeners interested? Are speakers satisfied? Can you identify a sub-group?)
  - Try to finish the meeting before 11:00. (There is always more to talk about and it's important for people to know that CoMes don't take forever.)
  - Leave the room once the meeting has ended. (This sends a clear signal to everyone else that they can also leave and get on with their day.)
  - Take care that the meeting minutes will be put to kanthaus.online. (If you don't know how to do it, ask someone to help you with it. But do it today!)
  - As soon as the minutes are online, empty the pad from all irrelevant things and get it ready for the next facilitator. (Only keep regular events such as CoMe, power hour, regular food pickups and such. Move the counter figures from 'last 7 days' to '7 days before that' and adjust the date to next week.)
  - Please indent list points with a double-space, not a tab-space: the pad has a bug when rendering markdown, adding extra lines. The resulting web-page looks spacey... not in a good way.
  - Have fun!
-->

- Date: 2019-01-07
- Facilitator: Laurina
- Notary: Janina
- Present: chandi, Tilmann, Tais, Q, Fionn, Bodhi, Nathalie, Aggi, Nick, Doug, Matthias, Laurina, Janina, Lise, Silvan

===

### 1. People arriving and leaving
- Monday: 3pm Thore comes, Paul and Paolo leave
- Tuesday: 17:17h Christian Kuhtz arrives
- Wednesday:
- Thursday: 12:49h Christian Kuhtz leaves, Silvan leaves for a week, Tais leaves, Aggi, Q and Fionn leave Thursday or Friday
- Friday: Laurina leaves very early,  ~6 people (findus amongst) arrive for utopival meeting
- Saturday: Tais comes back and brings Micha who then stays for some days

### 2. Changes to Governance
- None

### 3. Last week review
#### Overview:
<!-- Read counters in heating room and append to water.csv and gas.csv in https://gitlab.com/kanthaus/kanthaus-public/tree/master/resourcesUsed, otherwise the script will complain -->
<!-- press the play button on https://gitlab.com/kanthaus/kanthaus-private/pipeline_schedules and it will print to #kanthaus-residence -->
- *Present:* 15.4 people / day
- *Spent nights:* 108 nights
- *Outdoor temperature (min|avg|max):* -0.9 | 4.3 | 9.0 °C _(7 days before: 1.7 | 5.3 | 7.8 *C)_
- *Electricity usage:* 4.42 € / day _(7 days before: 1.84 € /day)_
- *Electricity efficiency:* 28.7 ct / day*person _(7 days before: 32.3 ct)_
- *Gas usage:* 5.13 € / day _(7 days before: 1.95 € /day)_
- *Gas efficiency:* 33.3 ct / day*person _(7 days before: 34.1 ct)_
- *Water usage:* 2.44 € / day _(7 days before: 0.57 € /day)_
- *Water efficiency:* 15.8 ct / day*person _(7 days before: 10.1 ct)_

#### Income: (please check the shoe, the box and the account): 50€ 20ct

#### Things that happend:
- really nice wuwita took place with about 20 people, with reflection, cozy and relaxing time, games, workshops, music
- winter of karrot started
- lots of laugther with a baby :-)
- 2 new hot water bottles (3 altogether) now stored in Snack Kitchen cupboard
-  private laundry basket added
- new coat rack in the foyer of K20

### 4. Evaluations and check-ins
- Chandi
- Laurina
- Lise (moved to next week)

### 5. Upcoming <!-- https://cloud.kanthaus.online/apps/calendar/ -->

- Weather forecast: 0-7 degrees and a bit of rain every day

- Monday:
  - Day of kh finance
  - ~18:00: Heartbeat publish
  - 19:00 AcroYoga in Leipzig
  - 19:00 Women's choir
- Tuesday:
  - Hausmüll, but doesn't neet to be emptied
  - 11:30 Roof planning meeting: Matthias, Bodhi, Tilmann
  - 12:30 Workshop planning meeting: Bodhi, Tilmann, Matthias
  - 17:00 Repair Cafe: chandi
  - 19:00 Fairteiler: Janina
- Wednesday:
  - 17:00 Sharing event
  - 18:00 Haus Kante Wurzen w.V. general meeting
  - 19:00 Wandel würzen e.V. general meeting
- Thursday:
  - 17:00 Evaluations
  - 19:00: foodsharing Wurzen meeting
- Friday:
  - utopival meeting starts
  - KMW repair (all day): Matthias, Bodhi
- Saturday:
  - KMW repair (all day): Matthias, Bodhi
- Sunday:
  - 11:00 - 13:00: foodsharing leftover brunch
- Next Monday:
  - CoMe facilitator: Tilmann

### 6. Discussion (e.g. questions, proposals, updates, requests, etc) <!-- can also include discussions about cooking and heating -->
- letter from zuversicht e.v.
- answering the rewe-woman
  - lise would like to respond but it's unclear what to write, we'll speak about it more and try to formulate a response this week
- the bigger idea of the association meetings
  1. Relation of association members to kanthaus members & volunteers and sustainability here
  2. Involvement in other legal structures like stiftung freiräume or haus und wagen rat
- Roof replacement planning
  - Matthias has the impression that a lot of discussion already took place and now only alignment needs to happen
  - Meeting scheduled for Tuesday
- Grundstücksverschmelzung - weiteres Vorgehen
  - Bodhi overwhelmed with topic, Matthias will write a short letter (generally this topic seems to be become an annoying one...)
- collection of ideas and plans for the month of calm
  - proposal: kick-off meeting on the 15th (Nick's birthday), establish commonly acceptable timeframe (i.e. preferable time-windows, etc) in which people can self-organize sessions (Doug)
  - Lise will open a pad where people can put down their expectations and ideas
- kitchen design (doug, chandi) ?
- concert and cabaret in Ilmenau on the weekend (silvan)
  - Saturday hundreds in the church (will look very fancy!)
  - Sunday Urban Priol (will be funny!)
  - talk to Silvan if interested
- we have to talk about telephone and door policies. In last time noone answers the phone or opens the door when ringing.
  - bell is often not heard by people in living room - solution could be to move the door bell to the kitchen
  - also: people who are here more than a day are expected to know the code or take a key
  - (a lot of digressing in fancy electronic door opening solutions)
- Larissa would like to visit us for a few days from 7.2. Because she is no "external" guest, would this be OK?
  - Should be fine.
- What happened to the hygiene bottle in the lower staircase toilet? (Janina)
  - Lise broke it. She will replace it.
- What happened to the small sharp knives (please do not privatize these!) (Bodhi)
  - There's three really nice ones which Bodhi will try to mark in a very obvious way.
- new coat rack for private or shared jackets?
  - Q, Aggi and Laurina made a new coat rack which is mounted in the back part of the foyer.
  - It should be used for private jackets so that the shared ones are more prominent on the front rack.
- Funding application for Move from wandel würzen e.V. (Matthias)
  - Still unclear if we're up for it or not. A bit more discussion and info exchanged.
  - In the end the question for resistances yielded none.
- Dorm window replacement starts on 15th. Rough plan: Dorm unusable at least on the 15th -> 16th, then we'll see how to progress (Matthias)
- Finish moving the main (non-electronic) workshop - who feels responsible? (Tilmann)
  - Bodhi definitely feels responsible but wants some input on how to make the new workshop nice, instead of just randomly moving in all pieces of furniture over.
  - Tilmann and Matthias are interested.
- privatization of blankets? (Silvan)
  - bigger topic, will be discussed outside of CoMe
