---
title: Coordination Meeting
date: "2020-09-14"
taxonomy:
    tag: [come]
---

<!-- CoMe facilitation advice and requirements: https://gitlab.com/kanthaus/kanthaus-governance/-/blob/master/documents/coordinationMeeting/coMeFacilitationAdvice.md -->

# CoMe #157

- Date: 2020-09-14
- Facilitator: Janina
- Notary: Antonin
- Mika caretaker: chandi
- Physical board caretaker: Bodhi
- Digital calendar caretaker: DougB
- Present: Bodhi, Zui, Janina, Silvan, Chandi, Doug, Antonin, Tilmann

----

<!-- Minute of silence (?) -->

### 0. Check-in round

### 1. Last week review
##### [Resources used](https://cloud.kanthaus.online/apps/files/?dir=/kanthaus-public/resourcesUsed&fileid=146410)

- **Present:** 11.0 people / day _-1.1_
- **Electricity:** 1.98 € / day; _-1.3 €_
- **Water:** 2.29 € / day; _-0.1 €_

**Total cost per person per day:** 38.77 ct _-7.89 ct_

##### Corona framework

Corona points: 104

##### Expenditure
- [Doug] 17€ of DM vouchers → soap, cotton tips and Abflussiebe
- [Bodhi] 790€ scaffolding parts
- [Doug] 20€ of gutter soldering bits

##### Income
<!-- NOTE: 20€ is intentionally left in the donation 'shoe' -->

##### Team updates
- Roof (Silvan, Tilmann):
  - Team Kanthaus brought rubble away, piled up stones, moved down old metal!
  - small groups made lots of progress in K22!
  - estimation time! how long before we have K22 garden side finished?
    - approximately 14 days of attic work, 24 days of outside work left
    - workday: 2-3 people for 3-6 hours
    - with 4 workdays/week: finish mid of November
    - with 3 workdays/week: finish mid of December
    - doable without overworking and stress? maybe...

- Stuff (Bodhi, Matthias, Thore):
  - [Doug] Bikes: I organized things better, but did not reorder the bikes. Let's see if that's good enough.
  - [Bodhi] I built a new metal storage close to the compost! The plan is to take pictures of bits of metal that we don't want so they can be off to a good home.

- Rooms (Nathalie, Janina):
  - [Bodhi] The compost toilet is now completely empty. I made an amazing plan with Steffen about how to make a fancy liquid separation with a slider in a pipe. Will progress in the next months. Don't use the toilet until these changes have been made! (where did the sign go?!)
  - [Janina] Mika's evaluation raised the point that the family room location is not ideal because of conflicting noise level needs with the piano room. There was the proposal to move it to the dry food storage and therefore finish the basement.
  - [Janina] Another thing that came back onto the agenda is making the breakthrough (in the elephant room). This would make the piano room way better heatable in winter and calm down the K22 side even more. This will most likely not happen before the next roof part has been done.
  - [Janina] The drain in the baby bathroom is broken. There is a bucket for now, Tilmann is planning on fixing this. In the meantime we wash the diapers in the compost toilet sink.
    - [Tilmann] No concrete plans to fix it, need to figure out which parts we need. If anyone knows stuff about sinks they are welcome to chime in.

##### Other things that happened
- Tilmann made a display for available solar power and mounted it in the kitchen. If people want to mount it more nicely, they are very welcome to do so.
- Kaffeekränzchen happened at D5, Silvan and Janina went.
- Doug and Thore had a small knowledge sharing session about webDAV and nextcloud sync.
- Doug, Nathalie and Thore went to a VHS session about GDR history.
- foodsharing Wurzen meeting happened on Thursday.
- Doug, Anja and Chandi saved loads of asian buffet food in Leipzig.
- foodsharing brunch happened but was rather internal.
- Janina moderated a VHS event about Solawis on Friday.
- There was a small group session about the personal room concept idea which Nathalie, Thore and Janina attended.
- Niko and Francesco moved our compost over and put the old one through a sieve. The compost was in really good condition (maybe thanks to the roof). We should still empty our buckets in the same one (the one with the roof).
- Tilmann dried a lot of pineapple. They are probably not dry enough to be put in containers so feel free to eat them.

### 2. This week planning
##### People arriving and leaving
- **Mon.:**
- **Tue.:** Thore comes back late at night
- **Wed.:** Nathalie back, chandi leaves
- **Thu.:** Bodhi leaves
- **Fri.:** zui may leave
- **Sat.:** 2 friends of Doug arrive
- **Sun.:** Lise arrives most likely
- **Mon.:** zui comes back
- **Some day:** Anja comes on Saturday or Sunday, Ruben comes on the weekend or early next week, Silvan will leave at the end of the week

##### [Weather forecast](https://www.accuweather.com/en/de/wurzen/04808/weather-forecast/171287)
- Hot and sunny until Wednesday, cooler and more cloudy from Thursday on.

##### Evaluations and check-ins
<!-- Avoid scheduling on Mondays to give people time to prepare-->
- Antonin Visitor : Days Visited threshold 24/21
- Bodhi Member : Absolute Days threshold 187/180

##### [Schedule](https://cloud.kanthaus.online/apps/calendar/)
<!-- Parent availability as of 2020-08-31: ~10:00-12:00, ~15:30-17:00 ~21:30-23:00 -->
- Monday
  - 15:00 knowledge sharing: [Bodhi] how to do the ongoing bookkeeping of the KH-associations
- Tuesday
  - 10:00 Bodhi's evaluation [Tilmann]
  - 16:00 Open Tuesday [lottery]
- Wednesday
  - 09:30 roof rubble action, part 2. It's about bringing rubble down but also moving things across (to K20), moving bins away to prepare for scaffolding.
  - 14:30 Antonin's evaluation [Doug]
- Thursday
  - 10:00 Power Hour (Fac.: [Zui] Mus.: [Antonin])
  - 15:00 Sharing event (Fac.: [zui])
- Friday
  - Thore's birthday!
- Saturday
- Sunday
  - 17:00 Theatre group?
  - Pödi-Party
- Next Monday
  - 10:00 CoMe [JaTi]
- Next week summary
  - MCM retrospective? Tuesday 14:00.
  - Try out teamtime on Tuesday 10:00?

_to be scheduled:_
(*when possible, avoid scheduling events at times that would conflict with being part of the cooking team: 17:00->19:00*)

### 3. Shopping plans
- [Bodhi] toilet paper (to avoid people using paper tissues as toilet paper, found some next to a toilet that looked like it was being used as toilet paper, would still be cool to have the small rags at more places though!). Doug reminds that tissues should not be used in toilets, that clogs them.
- [Bodhi] proper manometer-pump adaptor to pump tyres with the compressor
- [Doug] Elektrolötkolben, 8€ (for the roof)

### 4. Discussion & Announcements
- [Doug] Proposal: Have 'Teamtime' on Tuesday mornings ~~+ move powerhour(s) to Wednesday mornings.~~ (Prefer to just try teamTime first) Details: https://yunity.slack.com/archives/C9B9TGPPT/p1599742968007700 Try it out next week, then return to status quo and discuss?
  - The idea would be to have a place to match up people to tackle tasks which you would not want to do alone. (As a long-term continuation of roof meetings. For now it should be mostly roof work but it could then be used for other things.)
  - First meeting would be on 22nd Sept, 10:00 facilitated by Doug. Exact time to be discussed on Slack.
- [Anja] how is the garden going? Are people motivated to care for some wintersalad which I would raise for you? (Winterpostelein, Feldsalat) It would only need watering and harvesting :)
  - The house approves!
- [Bodhi] KMW loses air on rear-right wheel, anyone motivated to fix?
  - Nobody volunteers - make sure you double check the tire pressure before driving it.
- [Janina] Lunch team, who's in?
  - Antonin, Tilmann, Janina, Bodhi, Zui, (Nathalie, Thore)
- [Janina] Silvan's stuff evaluation: How to go about it?
  - It's about the shelf in the basement, subject to an agreement which expires soon. There is some resistance to having things laying in front of it. Matthias and Chandi thought the stuff could be moved to the room with the solar inverters.
  - The existence of the shelf in itself is accepted.
- [Janina] Shall we have a yunity anniversary celebration on the weekend? ^_^
  - People are away this weekend, so it's not so fitting.
- [lise] would be cool if people could add details about the last evaluations :)
- [Silvan] where to put the big tent? / chemical stuff in heating room
  - The chemical stuf (lab equipment) is mostly overseen by Doug (but it is not personal). The tent is from Auerworld, pretty big and nice to have.
  - Tilmann: if it fits, could we have the scaffolding and the tent in the heating room?
  - Time is running out: raise the point on slack and discuss it in a small group.

### 5. [Task lottery](https://kanthaus.gitlab.io/dinner-lottery/)
#### Volunteers
- Mon.: Doug
- Tue.: Antonin
- Wed.:
- Thu.: Tilmann
- Fri.:
- Open Tuesday:

#### Unavailabilities
- Mon. not:
- Tue. not:
- Wed. not:
- Thu. not: zui
- Fri. not: zui
- Open Tuesday not: zui, Janina
- Week not: Silvan, chandi

### 6. For next week
- See if we find someone to take responsibility for preparing a session about property and personalized essentials.
