---
title: Coordination Meeting
date: "2019-02-25"
taxonomy:
    tag: [come]
---

- Date: 2019-02-25
- Facilitator: Nathalie
- Notary: Janina
- Present: Thore, Anja, Tilmann, Doug, Michal, Chandi, Janina, Silvan, Nick, Matthias, Nathalie

===
<!-- 0. Minute of silence -->

### 1. People arriving and leaving
- **Monday:** Anja is leaving today straight after CoMe
- **Tuesday:** Lise and Bodhi arriving, Silvan will leave in the morning and come back at night
- **Wednesday:**
- **Thursday:**
- **Friday:**
- **Saturday:**
- **Sunday:**
- **Monday:**

### 2. Changes to Governance
- none

### 3. Last week review
##### Stats
<!-- Read counters in heating room and append to water.csv and gas.csv in https://gitlab.com/kanthaus/kanthaus-public/tree/master/resourcesUsed, otherwise the script will complain -->
<!-- press the play button on https://gitlab.com/kanthaus/kanthaus-private/pipeline_schedules and it will print to #kanthaus-residence -->

   - *Present:* 16.7 people / day ⬈ +2.29
   - *Spent nights:* 117 nights
   - *Outdoor temperature (min|avg|max):* -1.3 | 5.9 | 14.6 °C _(7 days before: 1.2 | 5.6 | 16.1 °C)_
   - *Electricity usage:* 5.4 € / day _⬈ +0.1 €_
   - *Electricity efficiency:* 32.3 ct / day*person _⬈ -4.43 ct_
   - *Gas usage:* 4.09 € / day _⬊ -0.12 €_
   - *Gas efficiency:* 24.5 ct / day*person _⬈ -4.68 ct_
   - *Water usage:* 3.66 € / day _⬈ +0.84 €_
   - *Water efficiency:* 21.9 ct / day*person _⬊ +2.34 ct_

##### Income (please check the shoe and the ~~box~~ jar):
- no income

##### Things that happened

- foodsharing hack week took place in Kanthaus
- foodsharing.de is open-source now and we had a great open-source party!
- lots of people participated in the wupp-hours and many things were achieved!
    - work in the basement K22 continued
    - first scaffolding elements were built up
    - walls in free shop toilet were painted (..but the paint came off again :( )
    - upper staircase toilet sink unblocked
    - lots of foam transferred from the car to K22 attic
- alcohol storage sorted
- dragon room tidied up
- Tilmanns family visited and had a good time! We had a nice long walk to Spitzberg on Saturday
- Garden introduction and plan made by Janine

### 4. Evaluations and check-ins

- *Doug* _Member_ : 5 days until _Absolute Days_ threshold (180)
- *Janina* _Member_ : 5 days until _Absolute Days_ threshold (180)
- *Silvan* _Member_ : 1 days until _Absolute Days_ threshold (180)


### 5. Upcoming <!-- https://cloud.kanthaus.online/apps/calendar/ -->
- Weather forecast: Very sunny and dry at 0-15 degrees, a bit colder and cloudy (5-12 degrees) for the weekend
- Monday
    - 15:30 Evalution Janina
    - ~16.30-18.00 building material pickup in Altenbach/Machern [Matthias, Doug]
    - 19:00 Women's choir [Janina]
- Tuesday
    - 17:00 Repair Cafe [Matthias]
    - 19:00 Fairteiler [Janina, Nathalie and maaaaaybe Matthias]
- Wednesday
    - 10-11 Shoe-Boxes pickup [Chandi]
    - 10:00 Wupphours
    - 17:30 Landgut Nemt via [foodsharing.de](https://beta.foodsharing.de/?page=fsbetrieb&id=18626)
    - after Dinner: Project Updates
- Thursday
    - 10:00 Power Hour
    - 12:00 Evaluation Silvan
- Friday
    - 12:00 Market pickup (active again!) (managed via [foodsharing](https://beta.foodsharing.de/?page=fsbetrieb&id=20993))
    - 15:00 roadmap review @ cloud room
    - 17:30 Landgut Nemt via [foodsharing.de](https://beta.foodsharing.de/?page=fsbetrieb&id=18626)
- Saturday
- Sunday
    - 15:00 sharing event @ cloud room
- Next Monday
  - CoMe facilitator: [Janina]

### 6. Discussion (e.g. questions, proposals, updates, requests, etc) <!-- can also include discussions about cooking and heating -->

- [doug] Kantstraße-18 letter review please
- [doug] roofing: I'm building plans, for the next seasons already
- [silvan] It is cool to have clean sofas so it is a little uncool to put shoes or dirty barefoot on them.
- [matthias/tilmann] brown bin emptying 28.2.! Matthias will try to think about it.
    - [nathalie] When the bin is empty, will we use the compost again?
    - [tilmann] Since we removed the threat we could do that, yes.
    - [nathalie] We don't seem to have a clear outcome here. We should also talk to Bodhi, who did seem to have an opinion on this. Would be great if we could get to an agreement until Wednesday.
- [Lise/Bodhi?] kitchen pickup
    - [doug] potential further discussion in #kh-kitchendesign
- [doug] washing-baton proposal: when you've had enough, give the gloves to someone else. In the next 30 mins, they should either start washing or give the gloves to someone else.
    - There are some concerns it could be annoying, but we might try..?
    - The main point is that sometimes the washing takes very long.
- [Nathalie&Lise] what to keep from month of calm
    - opt-out cooking lottery?
      - Yes, lets! (Doug, Janina, Tilmann)
    - silence
        - Cooks decide
    - ❤ more sharing circles ❤
        - There's already one scheduled for this week
    - buffet-style for dinner
        - Cooks decide
- [?] Using the piano room as living room, When many people here (Luisas visit / weekend 15-17.3)?
- [Thore] What happens to the hackweek room now
    - [Chandi] The monitors should go and I would really want to have more of a living room atmosphere there.
    - [Janina] Yes, the monitors should go, but apart from that I think we will experiment with furniture there anyways.
    - [Nathalie] There are different aspects to this, also depending on timeframes. Let's meet at 11:15 in the piano room to decide the immediate next steps.
- [matthias] coated pans (especially teflon) don't like high temperature (new pan already destroyed)
    - [nathalie] Make a nice new sign?
    - [doug] I have ideas.
- [tilmann] which pad for next CoMe? -> facilitator decides and announces in #kanthaus?
    - [nick] The codimd pad on Kanthaus server is now managed by chandi, talk to him about it if necessary.
    - [doug] @janina: pad link soon please :)
- [Tilmann] reminder about securing the solar battery pack in the office; would like to figure out solutions in next two weeks, otherwise remove it.
    - [matthias] It's disconnected for now.
    - [tilmann] We still should figure something out...

Events:
- There will be a party at Anjas Flat on 6.3. after GRASSI Museum. Who wants to join Museum, Party? (for logistic organisatzion)
- Luisas request: Heyhey! Friends of Mine and me want to make a street performance for the women’s strike at the 8th in Leipzig and need a place to be for 6 people from the 4th until the 9th! Could we stay at kanthaus?? :) warm greetings!
  - [Laurina] will also be there, probably already come a few days before. Would be good to have someone else hosting as well. and then giving Luisa an answer
  - [Tilmann] I replied and will take on hosting duties. Happy about support!
  - [Chandi] I'm also happy to support.
- [doug] anyone else interested to do [Melt](https://meltfestival.de/en/)?
    - [Lise] there is a foodsharing group on this festival....do you want to go there with foodsharing or save things after the festival?
    - [Nathalie] do we want to join a festival (with foodsharing) with kanthaus people?
