---
title: Coordination Meeting
date: 2017-09-18
---

- Facilitator: Doug
- Notary: Doug
- Present: Doug, Matthias, Laurina, Bodhi, Lise

1. People coming:
  - Steffen and Anna? [Bodhi]
  - Jörg Wunderlich on Weds [Laurina]
2. People leaving:
  - Lise on Weds?
  - Bodhi?
3. New Volunteers: none
4. New Members: none
5. Changes to Constitution: none
6. Changes to Collective Agreements: none
7. Information (e.g. announcements, events, etc)
  - Waste collection: Tuesday (tomorrow) - Restmüll
  - Food pickups:
    - Wednesday: Elke's Markstand, Landgut Nemt
    - Friday: Gesundheitshaus Kräuterfee, Landgut Nemt
  - Downstairs kitchen (k20-0-2) now usable. [Bodhi]
8. Discussion (e.g. questions, proposals, etc): 
  - Doug will fill and put out restmüll.
  - Jörg from the radio will come on Wednesday. He wants to do a food pick up and generally investigate Kanthaus. [Laurina]
  - Proposal: include power-hour in Collective Agreements. [Doug] Accepted, Doug to draft.
  - Crisps had to be thrown away because of moths, a similar thing had happened regarding chocolate earlier. [Matthias] Request for more thoughfulness when collecting food. Proposal to store all unsorted/dirty/questionable foodin Spülraum until confirmed OK. Accepted.
  - Roof: Matthias, Bodhi, Doug to meet at some point.
  - Compost team: Bodhi, Matthias to meet at some point.
  - Breakthrough chat group: Matthias, Bodhi to meet at some point.
  - Contacting 18: Laurina interested, Matthias wants to draft.
  - Money & Visitors policy: Laurina and Doug will meet some time this week.
  - Könnern plants need to be repotted. [Matthias]
  - Bike workshop: Laurina has found some interesting info regarding open workshops. She wants to arrange a meeting with Arjen and other interested parties at some point.
  - Gas: Matthias sent an email to the Projekt Verteiler, but has received no suitable reply yet.
  - Electricity: in progress. [Matthias]
  - Proposal: get safety glasses. [Bodhi]
  - Idea: Bike tour to collect apples and go gleaning. [Laurina]
  - Proposal: group goes to Communitreff in Leipzig, this Wednesday at 19:00. A group ticket on the train is quite cheap for 4/5 people.
9. Next facilitator: Laurina
