---
title:  Coordination Meeting
date: 2017-09-04
---

- Present:
- Adam, Matthias, Janina, Laurina, Doug, Wolfy, Luke
- 
- Facilitator:
- Adam
- 
- Notary:
- Adam
- 
- New Members:
- 
- New Volunteers: 
- 
- Incoming Visitors this week:
- Bodhi & Anna come later in the week
- Flo and Alexander come today (friends of Laurina)
- Maybe Laurie & Bryony (friends of Doug)

- Changes to Constitution: 
- 
- Changes to Collective Agreements:
- 
- Announcements:
- Laurina will host a discussion regarding Money (Individual and group expenditure) tomorrow at 11am
- 
- Info > questions/tasks/proposals:
	- AC power update [recurring]:
	 Alex has declined to help us install electricity in the buildings
	 However Matthias is very optimistic about another source (Mario)
     Matthias will negotiate a suitable date with Mario later in the week

	- Proposal: keep sinks in a clean and clear state by default [Doug].
    This is happening successfully
    New drainage facility has been added
    	
	- Proposal: clean, squeeze and air-dry cloths/sponges after use. [Matthias]
	Matthias reminds that sponges will last longer when treated this way

	- Question: opinions regarding a weekly, deep-clean power-hour sound? [Doug]
	- Group votes in favour of a 1 hour-long, recurring-weekly deep-clean of the living rooms
	- This will happen every Thursday at 10am

	- Question: opinions regarding an open-desk policy? [Doug]
	Keep top surfaces clear to allow for others to use the desks
	Will become more important as the group becomes larger
    No resistance from the group re: the idea, however first we need to create adequate storage space
    Going forward, we should install shelves in the work spaces for storing personal things
	
	- Come up with visitors policy [Laurina]
    Doug and Laurina will be working on a policy this week
	
	- Paragraphs about awareness and ressources [Laurina]
	After a recent conversation with Luke and Matthias, Laurina was inspired to write the following:
	
    "Awareness: we want to regulate only where needed and promote a culture of awareness. 
	For us this means thinking, watching and/or asking before acting and considering the effects of our actions carefully.
	Be aware of the effect of your behaviour (might) have also on the other individualsin the house and what the need.
    Resources (e.g. food, toiletries): Countless amounts of ressources in Germany go to waste. 
    At least a third of all food in Gemany gets thrown away. 
    We want to prevent waste and wasteful behavior and therefore try to work mostly with ressources that otherwise would have been thrown away. 
    For example our food, toiletries, alcohol and furniture are saved. 
    Please be aware of how much there is and that other people also want to enjoy the ressources. 
    Food is dumpsterdived or from foodsharing. Most of the rest is saved at festivals or from individuals."
    
    Matthias feels that the correct place for something like this would be in an FAQ section
    After feedback, Laurina will revise and come up with a proposal for next meeting
	
  - How to make sure that visitors know about collective agreements/constituion? [Matthias]
  All visitors should be hyperlinked to the Constitution and Collective Agreements before arriving

  - Setting goals for volunteers/members to self manage? [Matthias]
 Matthias seeks feedback on idea of declaring perosnal goals to the group, for improved accountability
 Group responds with a positive shrug, other tasks are having priority this week
  
  - Focus more on vision/house than on individual projects in the first time? [Matthias]
Sharing 'the vision' important for auto-engagement ('seeing tasks')
Wolfy is willing to help but seeks guidance and task-based direction, thus requiring management
Recognition that this will be an ongoing issue

- Next facilitator: 
- Wolfy