---
title: Coordination Meeting
date: 2017-09-11
---

<!-- Hello facilitator/notary! Thank you for your services. Here is some advice for facilitating coordination meetings:
  - Notify people 10 minutes before the meeting starts. (Watching the clock is not super fun, people will be grateful if you do it for them.)
  - Start at 10:00 sharp, or earlier if everyone is there. (Waiting is time-wasting, be a time-saver!)
  - Go through the ordered points in order, even if nothing has changed. (They are arranged to try and get the most relevant information to most people.)
  - Feel welcome to moderate conversation if it goes off-topic/too detailed. (Are listeners interested? Are speakers satisfied? Can you identify a sub-group?)
  - Stop the meeting at 11:00 latest. (There is always more to talk about and the important stuff will not be forgotten.)
  - Leave the room once the meeting has ended. (This sends a clear signal to everyone else that they can also leave and get on with their day.)
  - Upload the notes as soon as possible. (People can then be reminded of what happened and what they said they would do.)
  - Have fun!
-->

- Facilitator: Wolfi
- Notary: Wolfi
- Present: Bodhi, Doug, Matthias, Wolfi

1. People coming:
  - Matthias parents (friday, 09-15 just for afternoon)
  - Laurina (friday or Saturday)
2. People leaving:
  - Matthias (friday afternoon til sunday)
  - Wolfi (Maybe Wednesday)
3. New Volunteers: Wolfi
4. New Members: none
5. Changes to Constitution: none
6. Changes to Collective Agreements: none
7. Information/announcements:
  - A mirror broke in the upstairs bathroom. [Doug]
  - Facilitation advice added to CoMe template, only viewable raw. [Doug]
  - In two months the average temperature will be [5 C.](https://weatherspark.com/y/73665/Average-Weather-in-Wurzen-Germany-Year-Round) [Doug]
  - You can add points to next weeks coordination meeting and arrange sub-group meetings. [Doug]
8. Questions/opinions/proposals: 
  - Proposal: Matthias proposes to keep most windows closed, but still would like to have proper ventilation three times a day.
  - Proposal: we do the power hour again this Thursday, 10:00. Doug revise the plan to make it more efficient. [Doug]
  - Proposal: improve Unanimous Acceptance method by: 1) clarifying the proposal and answering outstanding questions as best possible 2) asking for anyone who opposes to raise their hand (giving ~5 seconds to respond) 3) if no one opposes, ask for anyone who accepts to raise their hand (giving a further ~5 seconds to respond.) [Doug]
  - Proposal: generally try to keep planned, work-like events between Monday to Thursday (inclusive.) [Doug]
  - Question: How to progress with the Offline taskboard? Get rid of it as anyway not working? [Matthias]
  - Opinions: Keep and offline taskboard for guests, but create and online task list for other tasks.
  - Task: make a good offline weekly calendar
  - Task: Rearrange storage rooms [Bodhi, Matthias]
  - ProposaL 15 min after this meeting have another meeting about organzing things
  - Doug: there are currently two draft money policies
  - Bodhi: sleeping situation is not ideal, Bodhi does not like the big bed in the common sleeping area
  - Task: Matthias would like to pick get a ping pong table from the neighborurs
  - Doug: We should make it more clear that there is an expectation when someone has agreed for something and the default position should be not to feel this expectation
  - Proposal: I find this CoMe template abit confusing to me, maybe something needs to be fixed. 
  - Rearrange storage rooms [Bodhi, Matthias]
9. Next facilitator: Doug
