---
title: Coordination Meeting
date: "2019-02-18"
taxonomy:
    tag: [come]
---

- Date: 2019-02-18
- Facilitator: Tilmann
- Notary:
- Present: Doug, Matthias, Chandi, Nick, Kristijan, Clara, Felix, Michal, Nathalie, Thore, Janina, Tilmann

----
<!-- 0. Minute of silence -->

### 1. People arriving and leaving
- **Monday:** Butze and David will leave, Joschka will arrive
- **Tuesday:**
- **Wednesday:**
- **Thursday:**
- **Friday:** chandi will leave, Tilmanns family arrives in the evening (+6 people or so)
- **Saturday:**
- **Sunday:** chandi will come back, Tilmanns family leaves
- **Monday:**

### 2. Changes to Governance
- none

### 3. Last week review
##### Stats
<!-- Read counters in heating room and append to water.csv and gas.csv in https://gitlab.com/kanthaus/kanthaus-public/tree/master/resourcesUsed, otherwise the script will complain -->
<!-- press the play button on https://gitlab.com/kanthaus/kanthaus-private/pipeline_schedules and it will print to #kanthaus-residence -->
- *Present:* 14.1 people / day _⬈ +2.57 people ≙ 22 %_
- *Spent nights:* 99 nights
- *Outdoor temperature (min|avg|max):* 1.2 | 5.6 | 16.1 °C _(7 days before: -0.8 | 4.5 | 11.3 °C)_
- *Electricity usage:* 5.26 € / day _⬈ +9 %_
- *Electricity efficiency:* 37.2 ct / day*person _⬈ +11 %_
- *Gas usage:* 5.26 € / day _⬊ 17 %_
- *Gas efficiency:* 29.8 ct / day*person _⬈ +32 %_
- *Water usage:* 5.26 € / day _⬈ +38 %_
- *Water efficiency:* 20.0 ct / day*person _⬊ 13 %_


##### Income (please check the shoe and the ~~box~~ jar):

##### Things that happened
- The month of calm ended.
- The board of foodsharing held their annual meeting.
- The foodsharing hackweek started.
- We got a scaffolding.
- Nathalie got manjaro...^^
- We had glimpses of summer and enjoyed them with a cake buffet for Bodhi's birthday and a BBQ.
- Doug built an analog 3D model of the house.
- Matthias and Chandi put a WIFI access point in the piano room, so now K22 is covered everywhere.
- The piano moved to the palm room and the sound in the kitchen is much better now!
- Clara hosted a play fight session.
- We collected the first round of money proposals.
- There was another roof planning session between Matthias, Tilmann and Bodhi.
- Laurina painted a beautiful Findus in the sleep kitchen that is now called cat room.
- Doug improved the dumpster kitchen setup.
- Matthias found out that all our pallets outside are moldy.
- We got 36 cups of cream from Landgut Nemt.
- Nick held the second grafana/influxDB/python scripting session with Nathalie, Bodhi and Laurina.
- Doug and Janina hosted our very first don't-ocracy session.
- We had a very long and very in-depth foodsharing Wurzen meeting.
- We ate shitloads of brussel's sprouts - yum!
- Matthias broke the black black tea bottle

### 4. Evaluations and check-ins
- *Michal* _Visitor_ : _Days Visited_ threshold 27/21


### 5. Upcoming <!-- https://cloud.kanthaus.online/apps/calendar/ -->
- Weather forecast: Still sunny, less warm but also less cold, rain on wednesday evening-thursday evening
- Monday
    - 19:00 Women's choir
- Tuesday
    - 17:00 Evaluation
    - 19:00 Fairteiler (Thore)
- Wednesday
    - 10-11 Shoe-Boxes pickup
    - 10:00 Wupphours
    - 17:00 AcroYoga @ Kanthaus
- Thursday
    - 18:00 XR Vortrag, Leipzig
- Friday
    - Shoe-Boxes pickup
    - 12:00 Market pickup (active again!) (managed via beta.foodsharing.de)
- Saturday
- Sunday
- Next Monday
  - CoMe facilitator: Nathalie

### 6. Discussion (e.g. questions, proposals, updates, requests, etc) <!-- can also include discussions about cooking and heating -->
- [janina] Shall we keep the dinner lottery?
    - no resistance, let's continue
    - opt-out seems acceptable
    - for this week, we just do it spontaneously and check next week
- [matthias] WuppHour formalization
    - proposal to have 2 core hours (10-12) and two hours of 'non-scheduling' afterwards
    - Matthias felt wupphours time was not respected with lunch at 13:30
- [matthias] Sticking to schedules and allowing others to do that as well
    - Resistance to legislating breaks
    - Simple communication would have been OK
    - General point to not overlap and leave 'breathing space' between events
    - to have registration of interest
- [janina] roadmap is about to end: next week on Friday is the 1st of March! (Just a reminder)
- [janina] month is about to end: I'd like to have a projects update thingy next week. Possible?
    - [Doug] how about having personal project updates on non roadmap months?
    - [lise] yay makes sense :)
    - [nick] plug to progress https://gitlab.com/kanthaus/kanthaus-public/issues/141
- [matthias] UndJetzt2019 request + utopival request
    - no general resistance against hosting both
    - so we describe the sitation to both groups and accept them
- [lise] Email: Projekt des Freundeskreis Museum Wurzen
    - [lise] its a weekend around easter, where some houses in wurzen open their doors, telling people who lived there, etc. or just having info in front of the house.
    - [doug] see kanthaus-mails
- [tilmann] brown bin is almost full, when is next emptying?
    - [matthias] likely thursday in a week (28.2.), interpolated from the waste calendar sheet going until 2019-01-31
- [matthias] Do we rename the piano room now
    - will the piano stay in the palm room?!
- propaganda for XR event
