---
title: Coordination Meeting
date: 2017-08-07
---
- Present: Matthias, Laurina, Doug.
- Facilitator: Doug.
- Notary: Doug.
- New Members: Matthias, Laurina, Doug, Janina. (All founding Members.)
- New Volunteers: None.
- Incoming Visitors: 
    - Bodhi, Anna and *unkonwn* come today. Bodhi and Anna will stay.
    - Adam planning on coming at some point this week.
    - Laurinas parents will arrive on Saturday afternoon and leave early Sunday.
    - Daiyi may come on the weekend.
    - Axel planning on coming on Sunday at some point.
- Changes to Constitution: None. (Just adopted.)
- Changes to Collective Agreements: None. (Just adopted)
- Information/tasks/intentions/proposals: 
    - Henrik knows an electrician in Leipzig and will contact Matthias regarding that soon.
    - Other worker contacts from Arjan to come soon.
    - From next week there will be a flat rate phone line to German landlines and mobiles.
    - Spülraum now in place, k20-0-1. To be used preferentially for washing things (not people.)
    - Meeting with the bank to open an account tomorrow at 10:00
    - Laurina will pick up some beans.
    - Item pickup from Annike today.
    - Tomorrow, roof fixing and Leipzig pickup.
    - Janishausen pickup on Wednesday
    - Matthias to pickup cheap printer soon (an epson wf3620dwf) 
    - Laurina will visit Mirek from NDK for funding advice
    - Matthias wishes to set up material storage area in existing rooms using shelves. 
    - General intention to have short, daily coordination meeting at the best time for everyone 
- Next facilitator: Matthias.