---
title: Coordination Meeting
date: "2020-06-15"
taxonomy:
    tag: [come]
---

<!-- CoMe facilitation advice and requirements: https://gitlab.com/kanthaus/kanthaus-governance/-/blob/master/documents/coordinationMeeting/coMeFacilitationAdvice.md -->

- Date: 2020-06-15
- Facilitator: Tilmann
- Notary: Matthias
- Physical board caretaker: Lise
- Digital calendar caretaker: Bodhi
- Present: Thore, Nun, Bodhi, Matthias, Lise, Maxime, Felix, Anja, Zui, Annika, Nathalie, Tilmann

----

<!-- 0. Minute of silence -->

### 1. Last week review

##### [Resources used](https://cloud.kanthaus.online/apps/files/?dir=/kanthaus-public/resourcesUsed&fileid=146410)

- **Present:** 15.3 people / day _+0.9_
- **Electricity:** 4.0 € / day; _+0.0 €_
- **Water:** 3.76 € / day; _+1.0 €_

**Total cost per person per day:** 50.74 ct _+4.03 ct_

Free electricity by sun: 1.51€/day

##### Expenses
- ~1900€ for Architect


##### Income
<!-- NOTE: 20€ is intentionally left in the donation 'shoe' -->
- 55€

##### Team updates
- Roof (Silvan, Tilmann):
  - phone call with Corinna, then we paid her
  - two days of attic action, wood for K20 west side was prepared
  - next steps: finish K20 west attic, do it similarly with K20 east, then ready to start work on the roof!
  - new ideas for work organization: 
    - pre-team starts at 9:30 to prepare work - join if you are interested in learning!
    - everybody else joins at 10:30
    - lunch break at 13:30 in the garden
    - second shift between 14:00 and 16:00
  - who is in this week?
    - enough people
- Stuff (Bodhi, Matthias, Thore, Chandi):

- Rooms (Nathalie, Janina):

##### Other things that happened
- a lot of veggies and some berries and some cherries got harvested from the garden!
- Bodhi and Lise build an outdoor-shower
- Lise and Anja visited the Diakonie-garden 
- the Kaffeekränzchen took place at Kanthaus
- foodsharing Wurzen meeting took place with not only Kanthausians
- a lot of Quinoa arrived
- theater group meet again
 
### 2. This week planning

##### People arriving and leaving
- **Monday:**
- **Tuesday:** Thore and Nathalie leave, Bodhi and Lise leave for a few days
- **Wednesday:** Anja is leaving
- **Thursday:** Bodhi and Lise come back
- **Friday:** Milena arrives
- **Saturday:** Anja comes back
- **Sunday:** Milena leaves
- **Some day:** Zui, Nun, Annika leave

##### [Weather forecast](https://www.accuweather.com/en/de/wurzen/04808/weather-forecast/171287)
- Unstable weather, but it seems hot summer until thursday afternoon, where potential thunderstorms start again for the weekend.
 
##### Evaluations and check-ins
- Annika Check-in
- Felix Volunteer
<!-- Avoid scheduling on Mondays to give people time to prepare-->


##### [Schedule](https://cloud.kanthaus.online/apps/calendar/)
- Monday
  - 12:00 Foodsharing Wurzen co-working session
  - 15:00 Knowledge sharing session: Parallel programming in C++ (presentation for university dry-run)? [Felix]
- Tuesday
  - 10:30 Roof work
  - 16:00 Open Tuesday - Corona version [Anja, Doug]
- Wednesday
  - 10:30 Roof work
  - 17:00 Annika check-in
- Thursday 
  - 10:00 Power Hour (Fac.: [Zui]  DJ: [Zui])
  - 15:00 Sharing event [Zui] 
  - take out yellow sacks
- Friday
  - 10:00 Corona meeting [?]
  - 13:00 Felix evalation [Janina]
- Saturday
  - 22:43 Summer solstice :sun_with_face:
- Sunday
- Next Monday
  - 10:00 CoMe [Lise]

_to be scheduled:_
<!--(*when possible, avoid scheduling events at times that would conflict with being part of the cooking team: 17:00->19:00*)-->
<!-- Don't forget evaluations! -->

### 3. Shopping plans
- [maxime] cheap white vinegar, to add to water when cleaning dumpster dived food
  - [matthias] I don't like vinegar smell and have general criticism on the cleanability of it; but go ahead if you like.
  - [bodhi] We still have at least 4 liters of vinegar.

### 4. Discussion & Announcements
- [Lise] I spent ~5€ for linseed and schabzigerklee (Mostly for bread-Baking) at the kräuterfee. Are you happy to pay that from kh-money (Good to know for the future)?
  - Okay, as long as it keeps irregular smaller amounts. Please notify us when you regularly need to buy things for bread.
- [anja, lise] we'd like to do an "italian" buffet and maybe a basement party with new decoration.
  - Shifted to next week
- [Doug] Proposal to 'fully seal' k20 staircase entrance to attic. This would hopefully restrict dustiness to k22, which would reduce cleaning. Could always be reopened, but would need a screwdriver.
  - Maybe try with restricting access to K22 without sealing K20?
  - In general in favor, please give details about the plan
- [lise] There is the idea of having a retrospective-meeting about functional living in Kanthaus to evaluate this system. What do people think about that, would somebody be happy to prepare or facilitate something like that?
  - A smallgroup talks about it and suggests something
- [anja] Lise and me are planning on doing the garden-project at Diakonie (at least in the beginning). Maybe we can do a meeting, also with Franziska and Lea and who ever is interested from KH?
  - Anja plans a meeting with interested people (also external people)
- [Doug] please put broken 'Magnetic' soap in the broken soap jar and replace with a new one (Both in bathroom shelf) OR tell me and I'll Do it.
- [maxime] considering that we have unlimited newspaper, would that make sense to recommend covering boxes with it before filling those with dirty dumpster dived food? that's a bit of extra work but could potentially save quite some cleanup work downstream
  - Suggestion: Using kärcher is easy for cleaning the boxes
- [matthias] I'll be doing bookkeeping sessions on wednesday afternoon/thursday/friday/saturday (+until it's done) and would like to "reserve" the big table in the dragon room for that.
- [matthias] 4 (8?) more bicycle holders to manage to get a dense arrangement in the bicycle shed to fit all bicycles at the walls. [18/32€]
  - 23 bicycles around; currently, 14 usable bicycle holders
    - ~7 broken, ~4-5 to be fixed short term
    - ~4-7 private
  - Concerns about usability (e.g. too hard to take bikes/hang bikes)
  - General question of how many bikes we would like to have
  - Small group for details
  - No concerns of putting more holders where there currently is none
- [anja] Please don't put any stickers in the compost bin, e.g. look at what you throw in the compost
  - Also, they shouldn't be on stuff put in the biomüll.
- [Janina] Our planned wedding for the 4th of july will not happen in a big scale, but you are all invited to join us for a smaller trip there.
  - Please approach Janina & Tilmann if you are interested in joining. There are approximate plans already:
    - Janina & Tilmann go there by bike starting on the 1st
    - Team Mika will come with the train a few days later
    - Team Matthias will cycle starting on 3rd/4th parts of the way (for example from Halle)
- [Annika] I'm happy to answer physics questions

### 5. [Task lottery](https://kanthaus.gitlab.io/dinner-lottery/)

#### Volunteers
- Mon.: Annika
- Tue.: Janina
- Wed.:
- Thu.: Tilmann
- Fri.: Bodhi
- Open Tuesday: Anja

#### Unavailabilities
- Mon. not: Lise, Felix
- Tue. not: Lise
- Wed. not: Felix, Lise
- Thu. not: Zui, Nun
- Fri. not: Zui, Nun
- Open Tuesday not: Maxime, Lise, Zui
- Week not: Matthias, Clara, Nathalie, Thore 

### 6. For next week